(This drama is based on a true story.)
(The plot was adjusted for entertainment purposes only.)
(We have no intention to offend any careers, )
(encourage immoral sexual values, )
(or create a pessimistic disposition of a gender or a group of people.)
(We would like to apologize in advance for any misunderstandings.)
(Presents)
(Theory of Love)
Hello, Aoy and Chod.
I'm Uea.
I'm 25 years old.
I'm a librarian at a college library.
I just got married.
A time that should be the happiest in a woman's life.
But for me,
that happiness didn’t last long.
He left me too soon.
"It was as if your time had stopped,"
"while mine..."
"kept moving..."
"and moving."
Why didn’t you turn on the AC when you arrived first?
How many times have I told you?
I’ll do it now.
I remind you every day, and you still forget.
Look at this. Nothing’s organized.
What was the point of coming in early?
I can't breathe. It's boiling hot in here.
He passed away doing something he loved.
After his death,
his parents cut me off.
("What Do I Do With My Life?")
I don’t know if it’s because of my unstable career,
or because they were angry
they didn’t get millions from his life insurance
since my husband listed me as the sole beneficiary.
"I will never find another you."
Uea, I want to return this book.
Some people have tried to get close to me,
but it’s like my heart died with my husband.
How many times do I have to tell you
to remove the sticky notes before returning a book
so that it doesn't waste my time?
Come on.
Aren’t you even going to check what I bookmarked?
They’re sections I want you to read.
Here.
Return it to the box next time.
Not here.
(New Books)
I was consumed by sorrow for almost three months
until something unexpected happened.
A guy added me on social media.
(Tim Teeradol)
He said he was in my husband’s paramotor group.
They used to hang out often.
(Tim Teeradol: Hello. Are you Uea?)
We chatted for a while.
Before I knew it, we were talking every day.
(- Are you free this Saturday? - Why are you asking, Tim?)
(I know a nice cafe. I want to take you there.)
At first, we talked about my husband.
But then we ended up talking for months.
One day, he asked to meet up.
(I want to return Jate's stuff to you.)
I worried if it was too soon
or if I was moving on too fast.
I told myself it might mean nothing.
He was just my husband’s friend.
But when I met him,
my heart skipped a beat.
He reminded me so much of my husband.
His style, his walk,
even his smile.
You must be Uea.
Yes.
- Are you Tim? - Yes.
You’re exactly like what Jate told me.
What did he say?
He said you’re pretty and smart.
He also said he felt dumb around you.
How do you know I’m smart?
We just met.
I can tell just by looking at your face.
I want to return this to you.
Jate’s harness.
I borrowed it a long time ago.
Thank you.
I’ve never seen this before.
He probably just bought it. It was new.
But I borrowed it first.
You and Jate were probably close.
Have we met before?
Yes, Uea.
I went to your wedding.
At a hotel near Asok?
Yes.
There were so many guests, I can’t even remember.
- I'm sorry. - It's fine.
I was working in the States for some time.
That was probably when he started dating you,
so we never crossed paths.
But now I’m back for good.
What are you doing these days?
I’m a creative director for a few TV shows.
Like Jate was.
You’re right, but Jate worked on commercials.
We actually crossed paths before.
Jate and I were more like flying buddies.
We went everywhere together.
While I was listening to him,
I accidentally thought
that this was my husband.
He was still alive.
And he was gone for a few months.
He always called and asked me
- to come up with plans. - Now he’s back,
sitting right in front of me.
- You know what I mean? - Yes.
- Tim. - Yes?
Do you believe in true love?
Like soulmates?
Yes.
I do. What about you?
Science says
true love doesn’t exist.
We’re only about 72 percent compatible with another person.
And that’s hard to find.
But...
Uea.
What’s wrong? Why are you crying?
When Jate first died,
I thought
I would never find someone as compatible as him.
I could never love anyone else
until I met you.
Uea.
You scared me.
I’m also happy
that I met you.
Everything was beautiful.
He replaced my husband perfectly.
Until some unexpected happened again.
Chiang Mai, please.
You can go paramotoring in the mountains.
I’ll visit an old bookstore in town.
It’s a win-win situation.
Chiang Mai, please.
But I’ve flown there so many times before.
How about this? I’ll visit the bookstore with you.
I can help carry your stuff
and be your personal photographer. Sounds good?
- You said it yourself. - Of course.
Anywhere else you want to go?
Well...
- A cafe? - Sure.
Just pick them.
- Sure. - We could visit a hundred cafes.
- Are you serious? - Yes.
Do you want to go camping in the mountains?
Sounds good.
- Camping then? - Sure.
Maybe just for one night?
There’s a discount for two people.
You can take it.
Sorry, I told them I’m off today, but they keep calling.
I’ll take the call.
Is everything okay? You look stressed.
It’s nothing.
Just the usual.
This one’s cheaper than the other.
A couple’s package. It's...
Hey, what did you just do?
I thought you said you were at the hospital.
Who's this?
A mental patient who steals people's boyfriends?
I’m begging you, please go home. I’ll tell you later.
No, let’s talk now.
What is all this about?
Why did you lie to me?
You should go now.
- I’ll explain everything. - No, let’s clear things up now.
Mom.
I want to talk to that wench too.
Why? Cat got your tongue?
Why weren’t you embarrassed when you did it?
- Why so quiet now? - Mom, let’s go home.
Preem, take your mother home.
No.
- I’m not leaving until I slap her. - Mom.
Hey, don't.
That's enough. Let's go.
- Preem, get the phone. - Hey.
I'll call you later, Uea.
- Let go of me. - Come on.
- That's enough. - Why?
Are you really that worried about your mistress?
How many times have you lied to me?
- Let go of me. - Stop, you're humiliating me.
Let go of me.
Stop it, that's enough.
Let's get you cleaned up.
I'll need to charge you for the strawberry drink.
I'm so sorry.
- Like I said, - Please forgive me.
this guy is so much like my husband,
even the way he tries to make it up to me.
It’s like copy and paste.
Please forgive me.
Please.
I was called a mistress in public
and had to pay for the drink she poured on me.
How am I supposed to smile?
Phare is my ex-wife.
The kid you saw
is my daughter.
We were in love,
but that was a long time ago.
I asked for a divorce, but she wouldn’t agree.
So I had to sue for divorce.
The case is still ongoing.
Phare thinks that as long as it isn’t final,
she’s still my wife.
That’s why she acted out.
That's it, Uea.
Why didn’t you tell me you have a family?
I didn’t think it mattered for our love.
If you had known,
would you not love me?
But I had a right to know.
You’re right.
Fine.
It’s my fault. I didn’t think it through.
I’m sorry.
But I promise, from now on,
I won’t let Phare come near you again.
I’ll finalize everything as soon as I can.
So you can be at peace
and...
stop making that face at me.
Please forgive me.
My nose fell off.
When you said you’d finalize the divorce as soon as you can,
how long will that take? When exactly?
Honestly,
I don’t know.
Phare holds grudges. You saw that yourself.
When I filed for divorce,
she sued me back for money.
She claimed I had to pay her this and that.
Plus legal fees.
It’s going to cost a lot.
I’m saving up.
How much are we talking about?
You don’t need to know.
I don’t want to worry you. Let me carry that burden.
Just tell me.
I might be able to help you.
Just having you by my side makes me happy.
Tim.
If my money can help put an end to this,
I'm willing to help.
Thank you so much
for helping me.
It’s for the sake of our relationship.
Come here.
- Thank you, Uea. - No problem.
I’m really sorry for asking you to come again.
In an accident case, we must review everything multiple times.
It takes several months to process the documents.
It’s fine.
Should I sign here?
Yes.
(Claimant's Statement)
You’re the beneficiary of this money.
You’ll receive the insurance payout according to your husband’s policy.
As for the compensation insurance from the paramotor company,
we’re expediting the process.
Thank you.
Is that all for today?
Yes.
If you need help with your financial planning,
feel free to contact me anytime.
We’d be more than happy to assist.
Thank you, but I’ve already done my financial planning.
All right.
Let me take care of these documents.
Life insurance money from a husband
can help a woman start fresh,
so she doesn’t have to hold on to the past.
I’m sure my husband’d agree with me
giving my new man this money to fight his case,
so he can cut ties with his painful past as well.
But our future wasn’t as smooth as I had hoped.
Hello?
- Did you transfer the money to me? - Yes.
For you to fight your case,
so that hag will leave you alone.
But it’s too much.
I can't accept it.
Let’s just call it even.
You’ve always paid for our meals
and dates.
Now it’s my turn to pay you back.
Okay, bye.
You'd never acted this cheerful since your husband passed away.
I got a new boyfriend.
Don’t you have one?
So you can be as cheerful as I am.
That brat.
Excuse me.
Do you have any books on how to deal with shameless people?
Where are you going?
They say
librarians are not service-minded.
How-to books are for self-improvement.
But what you really need
is probably...
"Toxic People".
Are you interested?
So you can stop being toxic to people.
You're really shameless.
You’re living off my husband.
You see other people happy and get desperate to have him too.
Who’s living off whom?
Shut up if you don’t know anything.
You’re annoying me.
I wasn’t done talking.
Walking away is rude.
Aren’t there books on how to be a lady here?
(Keep Silence)
You're rude.
Let's go talk outside.
Why should I?
You should leave.
You got in with the 20-baht daily ticket?
Here’s your fee.
This wench!
Excuse me, this is a college.
You’re an outsider harassing a faculty member, and that’s wrong.
If you don’t leave my husband alone,
I won’t stop bothering you.
Are you all right?
I’m fine.
She’s crazy. Just ignore her.
(Sluttiest Librarian of the Year)
The dean asked me to handle this.
Is it really that serious?
How did he find out?
His computer and the college management’s computers were hacked.
Everyone’s screens showed your picture.
I don’t care about your personal life,
but you can’t let it affect your work.
I'm sorry.
I promise
this will never happen again.
I found her.
Her profile states that she graduated in computer science
and worked as a programmer.
No wonder she’s so good with computers.
But I could only see her few posts.
She probably sets her posts to be visible only to friends.
Except for one thing
she’s public about.
Like all moms, she loves sharing photos of her child.
(Phare Pornapha: Picking my daughter up at school.)
- Mom. - Yes?
I want some pancakes.
- What's all this? - What are these papers?
Wait.
Where are you going, Mom? What about the pancakes?
(Dangerous Woman! Possessive over a man who doesn't want her.)
(I feel sorry for the child, having a mother who has a mental illness.)
What's wrong, Mom? Why are you crying?
I'm sorry, dear.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. You'll be fine.
Preem, I'm so sorry.
At first, I thought I’d be mean because she was mean to me.
But seeing that
made me feel horrible.
- They say - I'm sorry.
if a woman finds out her man is cheating,
she hurts the other woman first.
I guess it’s true.
I admit I didn’t think this through.
Are you home?
Why are you home late today?
Uea, what have you done?
I've been cooking.
Does it smell good?
This isn't funny.
What did you do this afternoon?
Oh.
Were you with that old hag?
Was she still pretending to cry?
This isn't a joke. What did you do to her?
What did she tell you?
Phare said you humiliated her and Preem at school.
How could you?
Preem is only in second grade.
Is that all she told you?
So tell me.
She stormed into my workplace, screaming.
Everyone, from the cleaners to the dean,
was gossiping that I’m a mistress, even though my husband just died.
She didn't tell you that, did she?
Here.
Look at this.
She didn't tell you she started it, did she?
You know what?
Since Jate died,
this is the worst day ever.
Instead of consoling me,
you scolded me
because that old hag played the victim and you listened to her.
Uea.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
I'll talk to Phare and tell her to leave you alone.
But you must promise me
that you'll leave her alone too.
If this happens again,
she'll tell the judge
that we're a danger to my child.
Phare won't let me see her.
Please stay away from each other.
Please, promise me.
Besides you and Preem,
I have no one left, Uea.
If we let this continue,
I'll lose you both. Please understand me.
Tim.
I promise
I'll leave her alone.
I'm sorry for putting you through this.
I'm sorry about the food. I was too angry.
Let's go grab some food.
I'm sorry. I'll clean it up.
- It's okay. I'll do it. - I'll help you.
Tim.
It's dirty.
That’s one sweet thing about him, just like my husband.
No matter how big the fight
or how mad I got,
he could always
make me smile in the end.
(Mrs. Ueaari Jitcharoensuk Librarian)
Tell me. How are you going to take responsibility?
What?
I don’t want to cause trouble, but you keep showing up.
My kid’s not going to school. How are you going to fix that?
Huh?
Your kid’s acting out, and you’re blaming me?
What kind of mother are you?
There are books on how to raise a child.
Section SQ769. Go find it.
The kids are bullying my child
saying her dad left and her mom’s jealous.
She has been crying every day.
Do you realize this will traumatize her for life?
This is all your fault.
Wait.
So change schools.
Leave me alone.
So I don't have to follow you to her next school.
(Lunch Break)
Hey.
Stop walking. Where are you going?
Hey, you wench. Stop.
Let go of me.
Hey, stop!
You think you can just walk away after dropping a bomb like that?
I was about to have a good life, and you ruined it.
I'm telling you I won’t lose him to you.
You’re stupid.
He doesn’t even want you, but you keep clinging on.
Go study feminism. Maybe then you’ll learn about self-respect.
Hey, stop.
Listen to me, you crazy.
He didn't leave me. We're still in love.
You’re the real scammer.
You scam people out of money better than the professionals.
Being a librarian doesn’t pay enough?
Try being a prostitute, maybe you’ll get 500 baht.
What are you talking about? Who is a scammer?
I have money.
Just admit he's no longer your husband.
He's my boyfriend.
You're making things up. You're crazy.
Are you insane?
Huh? I'll slap some sense into you.
Listen! I’ll protect my family with everything I have.
If you try to destroy it, I won’t hold back.
Hey.
I’ll protect my relationship too.
You're a crazy mother.
Take that.
- Oh dear. - Let go.
- I said stop it. - Let go of me.
Let go of me!
Go sleep with someone who isn't my husband.
Stop.
- Get her out of here. - Let go.
Stop them.
That's enough.
- Come here. - Let go.
I said stop it!
How could you do this in a college?
I'm sorry, Ueaari.
We can’t keep you on.
You’re firing me?
But I love this college.
I studied here for four years.
This was the only place I applied to after graduating.
I’ve never taken leave or been late.
Can’t you do anything?
This is serious.
I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.
But I live alone in Bangkok and have lots of expenses.
If you’re going to fire me,
please give me a letter of recommendation.
Try being in my shoes.
Would you recommend someone who got into
an adultery catfight at work?
How much compensation will I get?
We’ll ask you to resign,
so it doesn’t damage your record.
What?
So there’s no compensation?
You’re not exactly struggling.
Your late husband left you his life insurance policy.
That has nothing to do with this.
Are you going to hand in your resignation,
or do you want us to press charges
for causing a disturbance on campus and assaulting staff members?
It's your decision.
(Mrs. Ueaari Jitcharoensuk)
Didn’t her husband just die?
She’s fabulous. Her husband just died,
and now she’s sleeping with someone else’s husband.
Maybe it’s because he died.
Some people just can’t handle being alone.
She can't handle it.
- Right? - Yes.
Don’t you think so?
Stop talking.
Oh no.
Uea!
Wait for me.
Uea.
Have you resigned? Where are you going now?
I don't know. Maybe back home to Nakhon Sawan.
You're really going to let her win?
This isn’t right.
It has nothing to do with you, James. Stay out of it.
Wait.
Can I have your phone?
- What for? - Just give it to me.
- James... - Hold on.
We probably won’t see each other again.
This is my number, just in case.
Okay.
(Tim)
Uea, open the door. It's me.
Uea.
Don't ignore me.
I know you're behind the door.
Uea.
I'm sorry. Come out and talk to me.
If you don't come out,
I'll keep calling you.
Uea.
- Uea. - Stop it.
Stay with your ex-wife if she's that possessive of you.
You can’t do anything.
I'm sorry, Uea.
I'm sorry on behalf of Phare.
This will never happen again.
I've asked the lawyer to file
for a restraining order against her.
See? I'm not just sitting idly by.
I'm here for you.
I'm doing everything I can to make things right
for our future.
Uea.
I'm sorry.
Tim.
Do you know that I got fired?
Because your ex-wife showed up at my workplace and slapped me.
Uea.
Are you free today?
Of course I am.
I just said I'm unemployed. Why do you ask?
I want to take you somewhere.
Where?
Wait.
We drove four hours to Ratchaburi
just to see a field.
Do you like it? It’s my land.
But from now on,
it’ll be yours too.
My dad left it to me,
saying I should use it to build a life with my wife.
Right now, it’s just an empty field.
But it won’t stay that way.
What business should we do?
I’ll leave that to you.
We could open a cafe.
Tim.
You read my mind.
I’ve always dreamed
of opening a cafe
with books for customers to read,
like a library concept.
That’s a great idea. It really suits you.
Sounds perfect.
But you probably need to look for inspiration first.
Let me save up a bit more.
I'll build a cafe just the way you want.
Just give me a few years.
But I don't want to wait.
Let’s just do it.
I have some money saved up.
What money?
This is the last of it. Please check.
Everything looks good. Thank you.
Okay.
Like I mentioned earlier,
you can use our financial advisor service free of charge.
Even if you have money, life can still be unpredictable.
I have plans to start a business.
This money can really help it grow.
Every investment comes with risk.
We also offer investment consulting.
It’s just a small cafe.
I’m opening it with my boyfriend, nothing to worry about.
If there’s nothing else, please excuse me.
Okay, I’ll see you out.
I’ll get going then. Good luck.
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
Hello, Pornapha.
Please follow me.
Do you know each other?
I don’t really want to.
But karma keeps making us run into each other.
You even followed me here.
There’s a restraining order from the court.
You're not allowed to harass me.
What are you talking about?
I’m here on my own business.
What business?
Don't be nosy.
- You hag! - Don't.
Pornapha is here to claim the insurance money
her late husband left her before he passed, just like you.
- Late husband’s insurance money? - Late husband’s insurance money?
Yes.
Wait, is your husband really dead?
Or are you making this up to scam the company?
You need to investigate further, Wisit.
Don’t let her take any money. Do a thorough check.
Wisit, her husband’s not dead.
They’re still in court.
She’s a scammer trying to get insurance money.
You’re the scammer. I have all the documents.
- Look at mine. - Have a look at mine.
Don’t accuse me. I’m not a scammer. Look at this.
Look at mine. Mine’s real. Yours is fake.
You’re not a scammer.
I’m not either.
Then who is?
Trying to win doesn’t help anyone.
The more you want to win, the more you lose control.
I’m Ake.
I’m a surgeon here.
Do you have to dress so young around that girl?
Where are your glasses? Where did you get the clothes from?
She asked me to wear them.
What?
Are you sure this land belongs to you?
I am.
I remember this tree.
Ake, I’m not dumb.
How dare you try to scam me? You’ll definitely pay for this.
Calm down. Let’s plan carefully.
We’ll outsmart him when he least expects it.
He scammed us, so we scam him back.
A new, fabulous kind of treatment.
I want everyone to smell this.
- All right. - Billiant.
If someone says your mother is dangerous, what do you say?
That's my mother, not me.
- She's not defending her. - Not going to protect your mother?
- Tim. - Cut.
Why were you smiling?
Cut.
Smile and eat.
The cauliflower tastes good, even after it fell on the floor.